Strengthen T568 (#838)
pi-base/data: theorems/T000568.md

  and:
  - P000126: true
  - P000039: true
then:
  P000136: true
refs:
- zb: "1400.39025"
  name: Connected door spaces and topological solutions of equations (Wu, Wang, Zhang)
---

> Per Theorem 1 of {{zb:1400.39025}}, a space $X$ satisfying the antecedent has a topology $\mathcal T$ such that $\mathscr U=\mathcal T\setminus\{\varnothing\}$ is an ultrafilter on $X$.
> Suppose by contradiction that $A$ is an infinite compact subset of $X$.  Write $A=B\cup C$ with $B,C$ infinite and disjoint.  These two sets cannot both belong to $\mathscr U$.  Say $B\notin\mathscr U$.  The set $B$ is closed in $X$, hence closed in $A$ and compact.
> Every nonempty $D\subseteq B$ is also not in $\mathscr U$, hence closed in $X$.  So $B$ has the discrete topology.  But an infinite discrete space cannot be compact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose by contradiction that $A$ is an infinite compact subset of $X$.  Write $A=B\cup C$ with $B,C$ infinite and disjoint.
Because $X$ is {P39}, it is not possible that each of $B$ and $C$ contains a nonempty open subset of $X$.
So at least one of the two sets, say $B$, has all its subsets closed in $X$ by the {P126} property.
Therefore $B$ has the discrete topology.  But $B$ is also closed in $A$, hence compact, which is not possible.
```
That's what I had in mind.  Also should remove the `refs:`, which is not needed anymore.
